security fix: removal of go-git (#896)
gardener/machine-controller-manager: docs/development/integration_tests.md

1. Define the variable `IS_CONTROL_CLUSTER_SEED` in the `.env` file and set it to `true`. 
`Warning:` Make sure to set the `CONTROL_NAMESPACE` variable to the shoot namespace where the control plane of the target resides.

> 1. Please pass `TARGET_CLUSTER_NAME` in the `.env` file. It will be used for the `ResourceGroupName` in Azure clusters. Keep it as target cluster name for gardener shoot clusters.This is compulsory for Azure clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please pass `TARGET_CLUSTER_NAME` in the `.env` file. It will be used to initialize the orphan resource tracker. Keep it as the cluster name whose kubeconfig is specified in the `TARGET_KUBECONFIG` variable.
```
Move this from here to `General setup & configurations` section as this is required field for both kinds of setup.

Reviewer: I think you missed this part
```
Move this from here to `General setup & configurations` section as this is required field for both kinds of setup.
```
